CDS Hooks might be what I need to generate and have the provider facing application handle.
It is a standard for in-workflow decision support integrations.
Between a health record system and remote, real-time, provider facing decision support services.
Epic's support for CDS Hooks is built on a workflow engine and a CDS rule engine.

Idea is orgs can configure native DDS alerts by defining the point/action in a workflow that triggers it.
This is known as the hook.
A set of criteria is defined to be evaluated when the hook is triggered.
The criteria determine if the clinician is shown the CDS alert, and what info it contains.
Epic's implementation enables native criteria to call a remote CDS Hooks API when evaluating to show a CDS Alert.
In Epic, the native CDS alert is called a BestPractice Advisory (BPA).

Epic supports 3 standard hooks, built on pre-existing CDS alert workflow triggers.
They support many more native workflow triggers than CDS Hooks defines with a standard.

Hooks -
    patient-view:  2 triggers
        1. When a patient's chart is opened.
                Epic trigger native name: Open Patient Chart
                Don't do it every open, have a set of rules and conditions to fire it.
        2. When a native Epic trigger calls a CDS Hooks service that is not standardized by CDS Hooks.
                Ex - like Enter Allergy native Epic workflow, orgs can configure to show a BPA, including evaluating criteria that calls CDS Hooks service.
                Because no standard hook for Enter Allergy workflow, reuse the patient-view hook.

    order-select: Might be multiple different workflows that trigger this.
        Epic supports it in workflows when clinician enters orders for a patient.
        The draftOrders JSON object contains a bundle of both the newly selected orders and the previously selected, unsigned orders.
        Decision support using this hook should focus on the newly selected orders.
        The draftOrders bundle can contain the MedicationRequest, ServiceRequest, or ProcedureRequest resource.

    order-sign: Triggered as final step in the ordering process.
        Occurs when clinician has clicked the Sign Orders butto, but before system finalizes the order.
        Decision support from this hook is the final chance for the clinician to revise orders.
        Hook allows for collection of unsigned order details ot send in the CDS Hooks call as MedicationRequest, ServiceRequest, or ProcedureRequest.

Types of content to response with:
    - textual information
    - suggest actions to be taken such as adding diagnoses
    - links to your application or other web sites (probably don't do this one for this project)

So in essence, if I want to serve up recommendations from an ML model with some rules, I could create a CDS service and serve them up as BPAs.
    Unless there is something designed specifically for my use case.

"/feedback" - key endpoint for my plan in this FHIR/epic standard for CDS Hooks
    - Can get real-time or batch of responses sent to this endpoint by...
            -- the system that calls for CDS hook? need to confirm this



reference: https://fhir.epic.com/Documentation?docId=cds-hooks

